docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---
# Updated Documentation for Pebble.js

Pebble.js is an alternative to Pebble C development that relies on a connected device to execute code on. It offers a simple and easy start to the world of Pebble development. Here are some important things to know before you start:
- The Pebble app most be open on your companion device for Pebble.js apps to work on the watch. Thus, they are best suited to pulling information from the web such as sports and news data. (HTTP requests)
- Pebble.js apps are a bit more resource intensive and will drain watch and phone battery life faster than native apps. They are also a bit slower than their native counterparts.
- Pebble.js app bundles can be edited by renaming the file extension from .pbw to .zip, so it is very easy to reference existing projects. Also check GitHub!
- For JS watchface development, consider checking out [RockyJS](https://developer.rebble.io/developer.pebble.com/guides/rocky-js/rocky-js-overview/index.html).
- Note that Pebble.js was still in beta when Pebble folded, so anticipate some weirdness! Don't worry, it's just part of the fun. ;)

### Credits
- [@Meiguro](https://github.com/meiguro)
- [@BlockArchitech](https://github.com/blockarchitech)
- [@JohnSpahr](https://github.com/johnspahr)
- [@Willow-Systems](https://github.com/willow-systems)
- And the whole [@pebble-dev](https://github.com/pebble-dev) team for keeping the dream alive!

Commit message:

Prepare for readthedocs
- Ran prettier on all the JS and Markdown files
- Fixed some gramatical errors
- Update some of the documentation to point to new links
- Add MkDocs, Readthedocs config

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Pebble.js

Pebble.js is an alternative to Pebble C development that relies on a connected device to execute code on. It offers a simple and easy start to the world of Pebble development. Here are some important things to know before you start:

- The watch **must** be connected to the phone at all times to function. Thus, they are best suited to pulling information from the web such as sports and news data. (HTTP requests) However, this means that the app will not function if the phone is out of range or turned off.
- Pebble.js apps are a bit more resource intensive and will drain watch and phone battery life faster than native apps. They are also a bit slower than their native counterparts.
- For JS watchface development, consider checking out [RockyJS](https://developer.rebble.io/developer.pebble.com/guides/rocky-js/rocky-js-overview/index.html).
- Note that Pebble.js was (and still is) in beta, so there are some bugs and missing features. However, it is still a great way to get started with Pebble development.

## Getting Started

On the sidebar, you will find links to the documentation for Pebble.js. If you are new to Pebble.js, we recommend you start with the [Getting Started](Tutorials/getting_started.md) guide. If you are looking for a specific API, check out the [API Reference](/docs/API Reference/).

### Credits

Pebble.js wouldn't be possible without the help of these people:

- [@Meiguro](https://github.com/meiguro) - Creator of Pebble.js
- [@JohnSpahr](https://github.com/johnspahr) - Wrote much of the new Pebble.js documentation
- [@Willow-Systems](https://github.com/willow-systems) - Helped a ton with random things getting Pebble.js to work again
- And the whole [@pebble-dev](https://github.com/pebble-dev) team for keeping the dream alive!
